That service provider suppliles services for all robotkernel modules with support for memory inspection devices. The service provider will provide acyclic calls to access the memory on the devices.

= Configuration =

No specific configuration is needed for the service provider. The robotkernel just needs to know which service provider to load. To load der ''service_provider_memory_inspection'' just add it to your config file.

 service_providers:
 - name: mi_sp
   so_file: libservice_provider_memory_inspection.so

= Services =

; read_memory
: Reads memory from specified address ''data_adr'' with length ''data_len'' and return the ''data''. On error, the ''error_message'' field will be filled with the error cause.

 request:
 - uint64_t: data_adr
 - uint32_t: data_len
 response:
 - vector/uint8_t: data
 - string: error_message

; write_memory
: Writes ''data'' to address ''data_adr''. The length is implied from the length of ''data'' supplied. On error, the ''error_message'' field will be filled with the error cause.

 request:
 - uint64_t: data_adr
 - vector/uint8_t: data
 response:
 - string: error_message

; get_memory_areas
: Returns a list with all available memory regions. They consist of a start ''address'' and a ''length'' in bytes. On error, the ''error_message'' field will be filled with the error cause.

 response:
 - vector/uint64_t: address
 - vector/uint32_t: length
 - string: error_message

All of these services will be available through a robotkernel brigdge (e.g. [[robotkernel-5/bridge_ln|bridge_ln]], [[robotkernel-5/bridge_jsonrpc|bridge_jsonrpc]], [[robotkernel-5/bridge_cli|bridge_cli]], ...)

[[Category:Robotkernel-5|Serivice Provider Memory Inspection]]

